next year write(prs) i a book on semantics .
there has he with dogs chases-away
because he loud the song sings
because the-dat teacher the-nom novel liked
him-dat stood with fright the hairs to mountain .
since i seldom the cat pet
i-nom run-pst two miles-acc the street-acc along .
the petition of-the.gen.sg or of-the.gen.pl docent.msc.gen.(sg/pl)
he has her naked to sleep advised .
write2sg.imp you the paper !
i-nom visit-pst new york-acc two times-ac .
in-the garden hop rabbits .
uli has last week the exhibit visited .
. . . that hans peter marie swim make saw .
`she zer-tears the paper' .
the preparation tropical-en wood-gen
write you the paper ?
the guards opened the-dat attacker the gate .
on shall you the light make .
she wrote the letter out .
will themselves these people defend ?
johannes has sich a car bought .
the leviticus will we the scoundrel read .
that otto always books about wombats reads
the friends admire the-dat anna her-acc car .
the book was naked read .
he asked me pro him to help .
the book have the students not read
the.dat hans have i.nom the.acc book given
the man-acc shudders at bears .
the 1sg.dat hastily by a doctor prescribed medicine
3sg/fem(nom) `have':pres3sg `two'(acc) `bike':pl.acc .
books sees anna three .
when the-dat tourist the-nom cathedral shown was
this is the ambassador , that the hunters visited have .
say-it dm the:dsf woman
since the caviar-nom to eat tried was
because we the information always up call can
because he the song loud sings
with whodat think you with whodat hans speaks ?
that otto books about wombats always reads
because he naked the woman helps .
every child has five cats seen .
peter has the pictures that he painted has left .
the movie sollen-3-sg good be .
the fate the-gen famous zeppelin-gen
how has the car yesterday who fixed ?
since the.nom tractor to repair tried was
fritz is since thursday sick .
annom outsider won has hier still never .
i have me already always a bike wished .
peter tells the:dat children:dat an:acc story:acc .
we believed that she the letter out-wrote .
peter has on a small table worked .
will these people themselves defend ?
the book is naked to read .
no hard-casstrong wood
even the janitor held a speech .
when the-nom man the-dat girl the-acc basket gave
she may never just only irgend-one invite .
the mother braided the.dat daughter the hairs .
yesterday has joachim a tasty bratwurst eaten .
whom has everyone seen ?
it works sich well with this device .
in-the sea to swim has fun made .
i do not with.pleasure books read .
since yesterday here danced was
far out is the ball thrown got .
rabbits has anna some seen .
since two linguists prt prt something against have
because he the song too loud sings
je three apples were rotten .
when he 1sg.acc the.acc rhyme teached
yesterday has a man-nom the mary visited who-masc like my uncle looked
we believed that she the letter out-wrote .
i.nom have the.acc book the.dat hans given
a car bought has he himself yet none .
i thought that karl yesterday the book bought has
the.nom hat was the.dat man by the.dat women given .
chris admired his brother .
when peter the-dat tourist the-acc cathedral showed
the doctor has paula blood withdrawn .
the guards opened the.dat attacker the gate .
you-dat breaks the-nom heart .
a chess-board to.the(neuter) take.along
gave the man the woman the book ?
yesterday has joachim a tasty bratwurst eaten .
the.nom driver has the.acc tractor repair let .
we believe that she today arrives .
who believes everyone that karl seen has ?
the by fritz written book
because the.nom doctor the.acc patient a.dat test exposed
this book has martin written .
when he 1sg-acc the-acc rhyme teached
hans kicked him.dat against the shin .
wolfgang has after lea's birth on every evening a beer drunk .
i-nom sleep-pst one hour-acc .
we believe that she today arrives .
peter takes the-dat children-dat the-acc book-acc .
a ghost-acc seen thinks john that he at-the graveyard has
he asked me pro the letter out-to-write .
peter has what he painted has left .
since prt prt children on the street play
(nora has her room cleaned.) .
whom has everyone where seen ?
the man c-rel doctor he
the man c-rel agr the doctor he
c agr the platypus john .
hat man the house-gen
be-pres i prog write the sentence-gen now
is he doctor
c-neg-pres fool him
if-c right my memory
saw , certainly , the man the starship
fired the captain the phasers on the klingons
bought they house ?
be the floor cold
am i ing write the letter
be the oatmeal in-the pot .
c of stock prostestant her
kissed the man the pig .
gave milo dandelion to binkley
follow-pres the subject the verb in irish
c day good it
c man big john
when al you-say al you-will-pay me ?
be-fut the thesis finished at-me tomorrow .
c computer lieutenant-commander data
c agr commander riker the fool
c good the day he
neg-past build j the house
c doctor horses-gen him
be-pres mother the man-gen in-the hospital
started me -emph at this school
is doctor him
neg-past bought .
be-pres mother the man-gen in-the hospital
which woman that would-marry he ?
saw eoghan siobh\xe1n and eoghna\xed ciar\xe1n .
c linguist c-rel kiss shawn agr peter
be-pres i prog write the sentence-acc now
think.1.s that be-pres he there
fired the captain on the klingons them
hat the man-gen
the man who was __ ill
c computer agr lieutenant-commander data
saw he the platypus with binoculars
c like with-3-pl-poss each-other them
saw john and mary with-their other
neg be-past i only prog make fun
be-pres the klingons prog fire the phasers-gen
abdu 3ms-perf go-iii maradi .
indeed 1s-perf send-vi ma-2p with money yesterday .
abdu 3ms-perf sit-i chair-of teacher .
indo 3fs-perf lend-i ma abdu bike-of-3fs .
kalala 3ms-be there balki 3fs-cont ma-3ms hair-cut .
3ms-perf put himself fry-dn-of peanuts .
3sm-cmpl-abs call-v-irr-c man .
abdu indeed 3ms-cont wash car-of-3ms .
1s-perf turn-i boy 1s-perf face-vi 3ms here .
kids 3p-cont throw-ii-dn-of dog-of indo .
3sm-cmpl-neg shoot-v-gr2-b her neg .
3ms-perf leave-vi san diego .
abdu 3ms-perf sit-i on chair-of teacher .
ali indeed 3ms-perf know-ii abdu .
indo 3fs-cont kick-ii-vn-of ix ali donkey .
3fs-sub finish-i work-of-3fs 3ms-perf suit-ii aisha .
donkey cont at die-dn .
3p-perf return-i inside-of room-of indo .
i am fufu eating .
abdu 3p-perf go-iii kano .
3p-cmpl-abs shot-v-gr6-c lion .
lead 3fs-cont at melt-iv-vn .
abdu 3ms-hab search-ii job all dry season .
3ms-perf give indo kolanuts .
1s-cmpl-abs catch for musa fish
water 3p-perf draw-iv .
3sm-cmpl-neg shoot-v-gr2-c neg elephant .
3ms-perf leave-ii san diego .
abdu 3ms-perf sit-i on chair-def .
meat-of camel 3ms-perf cut-vii little little .
district this neg 3fs-cont live-vii-dn at abdu .
abdu 3ms-perf reply-vi ma indo .
3ms-perf begin-i tan-dn-of leather .
fufu , i am eating .
3ms-cont squash-i-vn-of lemon .
horse this of-masc bello
news 3ms-perf spread-vii .
people 3p-cont gather-vii-vn .
abdu 3ms-perf see-ii indo holding with boy .
abdu 3ms-cont do planting-of trees .
pot-of balki 3ms-cont at fill.up-iii-vn .
ring-def neg 3ms-cont steal-vii .
what 3pl,rpf read also 3pl,rpf write ?
3p-perf ripen-i lemon .
corn 3fs-perf spread-vii .
indo 3fs-perf catch-i fish .
gown 3fs-cont at dry-iv-vn .
aisha 3fs-sub finish-i work-3fs 3ms-perf fit-iii .
plant 3ms-perf take.hold-i .
abdu 3ms-perf sit-i chair-def .
yams afoc ama pres cook cook-prog .
book indo 3fs-perf give-i 3ms out .
balki 3fs-cont know-ii-dn idi .
so elephant 3fs-cont kill-vii-vn !
children 3p-perf find-i indo 3fs-perf finish-iv food .
1p-cmpl-abs leave-v-gr6-c children at house .
1s-perf buy-vi car .
1s-cmpl-abs read book .
kids malicious 3p-cont throw-ii-dn-of dog-of indo .
abdu 3ms-cont wash car-of-3ms .
no ! abdu 3ms-cont indeed love-dn-of-3fs .
3sm-cmpl-abs read-v-gr6-c news .
indo 3fs-perf borrow-ii bike from place-of abdu .
one-f-that 3fs-rp finish work-of-3fs 3fs-ipfv can go .
3sm-cmpl-neg shoot-v-gr2-c elephant neg .
3p-perf send-i ix/ abdu letter .
3ms-perf increase-i money .
1s-cmpl-abs catch-v-gr1-d=a for musa fish .
abdu 3ms-perf live-i district this .
chair 3fs-perf sit-vii .
3p-cont ripen-i lemon in garden .
imp-perf say abdu neg-cont 3ms love-dn-of balki .
3fs-perf turn-i boy .
abdu 3ms-perf pull-viii wood from field .
snake 3ms-cont at coil-iv-vn .
3ms-perf fit-iii aisha 3fs-sub finish-i work-3fs .
meat-of camel 3ms-cont cut-vii-vn .
box-nom heavy-decl .
i-nom sister-nom lawyer-be-dec .
this building-top school cop-decl .
unit-nom frontline-to move-pres-decl .
book-nom one hour-for-nom read-pass-pst-dec .
this building-top school-nom not .
9 unit-nom headquarter-to report-acc send-past-decl .
he-nom 1-hour-for water-acc freeze-past-dec .
i-nom maid-nom morning-from work-com do-past-dec .
detection activity-nom occur-pres-decl .
mary-nom home-dir go-cmp-acc john-top hope-pst-dec .
japan-from come-mod person-top actually that student-cop-decl .
john-top mary-nom home-dir go-cmp-acc hope-pst-dec .
my idea-top your idea-from different-decl .
i-top yesterday this spot-acc ten meter-extent-acc dig.out-p
john-top mary-nom home-dir go-cmp hope-pst-dec .
book borrow go-past kes tomorrow bring-ing come-fut-pol-dec .
student-nom book-nom three-volumes-nom need-dec .
teenager-pl-nom most michael jackson-acc like .
radio-nom broke-past-if communication-nom impossible-decl .
she-nom very intelligent-be-pres .
father-hnom money-acc son-dat give-hon-pst-dec .
son-dat father-hnom money-acc give-hon-pst-dec .
cousin-acc aunt-top sometimes go-cmp expect-pres-dec .
flower-nom yellow-decl .
tom-top america-acc two-time-acc visit-pst-dec .
he-nom us-plur-dat that fact-acc pay.attention-cmp request-pst-dec .
he-nom water-acc freeze-prog-pre-dec .
very intelligent-be-pres .
anyone why resign-ci-not-past-q ?
man-top social-nom not .
swuni-nom milk-acc boil-cau-pre-dec .
the child-plu-nom string-acc catch-e-pull-nml-top pull-pst-dcl .
stone-nom hill bottom-to 2 times-nom rolled .
because he-nom i-dat so say-past-dcl .
father-hnom son-dat money-acc give-hon-pst-dec .
the child-plu-nom string-acc catch-e-try-nml-top try-pst-dcl .
room-nom bright-dec .
that man-nom commander cop-decl .
eat-ki-top john-nom apple-acc eat-past-decl .
chelswu-nom apple-acc eat-aux-connect be-pres-decl .
nom peanuts-acc buy-eat-past-decl .
john-nom person-plur-dat war-acc suggest-pst-dec .
chelswu-nom doctor-nom become-past-decl .
chelswu-nom apple-acc eat-pres-dec .
box-top heavy-ci not-decl .
john-top home-dir go-cmp-acc very muchwant-pst-dec .
john-nom mary-acc hand-acc hit-pst-ind .
john-nom mary-dat go-cmp suggest-pst-dec .
john-gen english-gen study
student-plur-nom several-hour-nom be.happy-pst-dec .
ball-acc cwuni-nom quick catch-pres .
chelswu-nom new clothes-acc wear-past-dec
john-top home-dir go-cmp-acc want-pst-dec .
frequently chelswu-nom apple-acc eat-pres-decl .
man-top social cop-ci not .
he-nom vigorously water-acc freeze-past-dec .
book-nom one hour-for-nom read-cmp pasaux-pst-dec .
intelligence-nom many source-from originate-pres-decl .
chelswu-nom that book-acc read-cmp-top do-pst-dec .
book-nom one hour-for-acc read-pass-pst-dec .
chelswu-top fool-nom not-decl .
john-nom apple-acc three-cl-ssik divide-pst-decl .
john-top mary-nom home-dir go-cmp very.much hope-pst-dec .
i Â­gen live-ret-n hometown
chelswu-nom leaves-acc sweep-e clean-past-decl .
that student-top actually japan-from come-mod person-cop-decl .
chelswu-nom early arrive-nominalizer-nom difficult .
i-nom minho-acc genius-cop-comp think .
cereal-acc eat-pst-dec mary-nom .
i-nom picture-acc draw-cmp-acc try-if
john-nom mary-gen hair-acc wash-cau-past-dec .
headquarter-nom database-acc maintain-pres-decl .
he-nom 1-hour-in water-acc freeze-past-dec .
mother-nom son-dat lullaby-acc sing-pf-give-past-dec
john-top home-dir go-cmp want-pst-dec .
fireman-dat-nom winter wind-nom fear .
chelswu-nom book-acc three hour-during-acc read-pst-dec .
linguistics-nom employment-nom difficult .
john-top seoul station-to-acc arrival-do-pst-decl
i-nom chelswu-nom new clothes-acc wear-com do-past-dec
mother-hnom child-dat book-acc read-cmp persuade-hon-pst-dec .
that box-top very big .
chelswu-nom car-nom have-decl .
you-top who-acc love-q ?
john-top she-nom cry-rel-imprf kes-acc comforted .
john-gen mary-with-gen talk .
swuni-nom one hour-for-acc run-pst-dec .
chelswu-top doctor cop-decl .
aunt-nom cousin-acc sometimes put.to.sleep-pst-dec .
quality-nom good-ki-ct do-but too expensive-polite .
john-top mary-nom home-dir go-cmp-acc very.much hope-pst-dec .
book-nom one hour-for-acc read-cmp pasaux-pst-dec .
man two cl-nom suitcase three cl ssik-acc carry-pst-dec .
professor-nom me-acc book-ac read-com do-past-dec .
this problem-top that problem-as same .
i-top that one-nom leave-com do-past-dec .
john-nom mary-dat bill-nom come-fut-thing-cmp suggest-pst-dec .
i-top kimchi-acc neg-cannot eat-cmp negaux-pst-dec .
chelswu-top each-gen child-nom homework-acc do-comp persuaded .
i-top mary-to quickly come-la-comp order-past-dec .
lamp-nom room-acc bright-cau-pre-dec .
commander-nom intelligence-activity-acc order-pres-decl .
indeed who prt cut grass ?
yesterday rabe prt buy-act rice
buy-act the bread that woman
indeed cut grass rabe
but neg pst-have time they .
past-buy-pass-rabe the chicken
past-act-help them past-rec-act-send packages we-incl
emph buy-pass the child the airplane
past-rec-act-steal-rabbit white art vao and art velo
past-rec-act-seen and past-rec-act-greet we-excl
neg began laugh past-prep the story he .
fight hard those nom-rec-act-say as nom-act-steal those
who prt should visit-act acc-rabe ?
because not read-tf the students that book that
there under the bed prt hide-circ the child the key
rasoa prt laugh-act
read the book all the child
ask-act 1sg-nom hoe who focus buy-act the chicken
buy-pass-rasoa the bread
where foc wash-cf-rasoa-gen clothes every'day ?
intend-act read-pass-1sg this book this .
pres-active-live in that house 1pl-excl-nom
think-pass-rabe that look-for the child rasoa
pres-act-think the soldier-s as defeat-thm the enemy-gen we-incl
pres-act-say acc-rasoa as past-steal-rice ravelo
where prt buy-act the bread rasoa ?
pres-act-chitchat with-drabe rasoa
pres-buy the book there on the table the child .
where the what prt buy-pass-2sg ?
what prt buy-pass-rasoa ?
the person who chases acc-rabe
should who prt visit-act acc-rabe ?
the good past-rec-act-do-circ-us1pl-incl-gen
pres-act-agree fut-wash-pass the child .
intend wash-pass-rasoa the clothes
pres-act-offer rice to the guest rabe
pres-act-wash hand rasoa
good fut recall-thm the mutual-trust-circ-of the malagasy of-yore
yesterday rasoa prt cut grass
past-act-desire fut-rec-act-send book we-excl
who prt buy-act the bread ?
there acc-market always rakoto .
past-rec-borrow-money three-times rabe and ravao
play there in-house the boys and the girls
think rabe that look-for the child rasoa
try-act kill-pass-rasoa the chicken .
pres-act-look-at him i
pres-act-run there at-hills the cows
pres-rec-act-think as defeat-thm the enemy-gen the soldiers
began knock this door this rabe twice .
began neg laugh past-prep the story npi he .
the student-s rel rec-chase
intend wash the clothes rasoa
not read-tf the students that book that
rabe focus buy-act the chicken
the woman hoped-1sg-gen as built-cf-rabe-gen house
when rabe prt buy-act the rice ?
pulls the hair the child'art soa art vao
who prt neg eat the rice ?
the zeal past-af-work-cf-rabe-gen
begin wash the clothes rasoa
pres-act-buy the chicken rabe .
buy-act the bread there at-market rasoa
the books past-desire-thm-1-pl-excl-gen fut-rec-act-send-circ
stop-act neg eat-pass-rabe the sugar .
past-act-defend the child-3gen and the spouse-3gen 3nom dem-pl
began yesterday laugh all the children .
pres-buy it the child .
pres-rec-act-kick three-times rabe and ravao
pres-rec-act-chitchat rabe and rasoa
try-act kill-pass-rasoa the chicken .
begin wash-pass-rasoa the clothes
begin-circ drive the car rabe .
buy-act the bread yesterday rasoa
past-act-see and past-act-greet 3acc dem-pl 1-sg-nom
not read-tf the students ? that book that ?
when rasoa prt harvest rice and rabe prt cut grass ?
where rasoa prt buy-act bread ?
rasoa topic kiss acc-rabe
past-act-try past-act-kill the chicken rabe .
pres-rec-act-give money child rasoa and ravelo
pres-act-sit next-to-rasoa rabe
should who prt visit acc-rakoto ?
saw the woman the student .
past-kill-pass-rasoa the chicken .
respect who-acc the mother-3sg ?
past-rec-act-say as past-steal-rice rasoa and ravelo
neg-be-pres i prog know .
1s-gen favourite old dog
came the man to-3pl 3sgf see-nonfin her
be-fut-3sg gwyn neg prog sleep .
be-fut-3sg gwyn prog sleep .
saw g {l}-3-fem cat fem .
be-pres-2sg you-sg prog see sioned the days here ?
did the man buy car .
saw-1s 1s and-1s brother 1pl self .
was the woman prog buy-vn bike .
be where is john in london
is he perf wake-inf .
know-pres-1sg i neg be-fut-3sg sioned neg prog work tonight .
cup big green chinese
do-3sg-past john see-vn dragon .
dog big black dafydd
this is the site best possible .
be-pres-1sg i neg neg prog worry .
his destruction of-the town
car red new ieuan
the sneak little interfering
the parties smaller other-pl
the girl little quiet this
slept-3s he neg .
without owe-nonfin anything to-him
neg-be-pres-3sg gwyn neg prog sleep .
see-3pl-past they the girl .
was a prog convince e to go-nonfin home
adaptation welsh new of play thomas middleton
be-pres-3sg sioned without arrive .
described the driver the accident .
know-pres-1sg i neg be-fut-3sg sioned prog work tonight .
and tracks the horse prt saw-impf-3s .
where be-past-2sg you-sg last-night ?
neg-be-pres-3sg sioned neg perf arrive .
is a prog endeavor to finish-nonfin his work
expect-past-3sg megan to sioned neg with go home .
neg-be-pres-3sg sioned neg without arrive .
seats round red soft
said steffan to nia paint-vn the picture .
songs new great other-pl
poet young promising
killed the dragon the man .
here-is the book that read.1 the story in-it
what see-past-2sg you-sg ?
the boy who was a' reading
try-past-3sg gwyn neg neg with answer the question .
read-past-3sg the children the book
the three party other-sg these-pl
son ptc be-born-pret-impers to-her
will the romans destroy our city .
be-pres-1s i neg perf sleep-inf dim .
expect-past-3sg megan to sioned go home .
and-there house leaves-loc sit-ger .
maria tortillas make-term-sub 3sg.nnom.pl-eat-pst .
sandra-nnom.sg and joel-nnom.sg -1sg marker-pl give-pst .
john this.way think.prs house-nnom.sg buy-desid-go.sg.prs .
john sing-pst maría and dance-pst .
i house-fut .
john what eat-pst ?
each teacher-pl book-pl buy-pst .
he john-dat det.acc corn-acc give-perf
john yesterday sing-pst and tomorrow dance-intt .
those little cats already-emph red-full-perf
this bird might do-bad-omen somehow .
1sg church-loc sing-pst john-nnom.sg-com .
1sg.poss wife dog-pl like.prs .
he john-acc det.acc corn-acc give(food)-perf .
again 3sg-circle-adv go-ppl and back-loc 3nnom.sg-urinate-pst .
now and-again those snake-pl here 3pl.obl-search:prs .
forty peso daily-clit.1sg 1sg-earn now here .
he det.acc horse-acc house-acc see-cause-perf .
john torim-loc and vicam-loc work.prs .
john sing-pst and mary and peter dance-pst .
peo-nom goyo-acc yesterday horse-acc steal-prfv-say-pres .
because 3sgp not happy john sleep-des .
1sg machete-pl and knife-pl put.up.pl.obj-pst .
1sg man-nnom.sg get.up.nnom.sg-pst and child-nnom.sg get.up.sg-pst .
det.pl child-pl and det.sg teacher there go.pl-pst .
you-pl neg thus do-fut .
the.pl little dog-pl very red-full
john see.prs and hear.prs .
what-loc 3pl work.prs ?
horse and donkey very red-big-pl .
how-q-1p do-fut ?
1sg pig-nnom.sg grasp-pst and cat-nnom.sg .
ruben school-loc book-pl leave-go.pst .
his mother-poss house-dir arrive.sg-pst and there sweep-incep-pst .
1sg.poss horse much.more fat round and active.. .
and-1sg not someone-pl 1sg.obl come.pl.pst even .
1sg john-nnom.sg-com church-loc sing-pst .
1sg mary-com center-dir go-pst .
and-3nnom.sg-dir lay.down.pst 3nnom.sg-look.prs little dog .
3sg sing.prs and Ø dance.prs .
paulina young-nnom.sg see-pst and tall-pst .
det-pl teacher-pl book-pl buy-pst .
john sleep-des because 3sgp not happy .
yesterday what 2sg do-pst ?
1sg house-dir monday-verb-when go.pst .
john yesterday sing-pst maría and tomorrow dance-intt .
peter something buy.prs and something sell.prs .
3sg fisherman and 3sg shoemaker .
who john meet-pst and who maria greet-pst .
1sg machete-pl put.up.pl.obj-pst
mary and.more sing-pst peter and dance-pst .
mary and peter together go.pl-pst .
1sg diana-nnom.sg see-pst , 3sg.poss father and too .
man sing.prs and peter and diana dance.prs-3pl .
ruben school-loc 3nnom.pl-leave-go.pst det.pl book-pl .
he det.acc horse-acc house-dat see-cause-perf .
ruben work.prs or mathematics-pl 3refl teach.prs .
your dog and your cat together-fight.prs .
diana dog-nnom.sg embrace-sub 3nnom.sg-die-caus-pst .
again 3sg-circle-adv go-ppl back-loc and 3nnom.sg-urinate-pst .
john sing-pst then mary and dance-pst .
what mary buy-pst and .
the hummingbird there red-hover-perf
john what eat-pst and ?
1sg machete-pl and knife-pl put.up.sg.obj-pst .
1sg man-pl get.up.nnom.pl-pst .
lizard-pl and gila.monster-pl here rest.prs .
